README.md, before:

# Dockerfile for Machine Learning with PyTorch and TensorFlow

This Dockerfile provides a complete environment for machine learning with PyTorch and TensorFlow using CUDA. It uses the `nvidia/cuda:11.6.0-base-ubuntu18.04` base image and installs the following packages:

- Python 3.9
- JupyterLab
- pandas
- numpy
- matplotlib
- seaborn
- scikit-learn
- scipy
- PyTorch 1.13.1 with CUDA 11.6
- TensorFlow (latest version)

## Build or Pull

### Build
To build the Docker image, run the following command:
```bash
docker build -t my-deeplearning-jupyterlab .
```
### Pull
To pull the Docker image from GitHub Packages, run the following command:
```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/williamjeong2/dl-docker/my-deeplearning-jupyterlab:latest
```


## Run

To run the Docker container and start JupyterLab, run the following command:
```bash
docker run --gpus all -p 8888:8888 -v /path/to/your/notebooks:/workspace my-deeplearning-jupyterlab
```

- `--gpus all` option enables GPU acceleration
- `-p 8888:8888` option maps port 8888 in the container to port 8888 on the host machine
- `-v /path/to/your/notebooks:/workspace` option mounts the directory containing your Jupyter notebooks to the `/workspace` directory in the container

Then, access JupyterLab in your web browser at `http://localhost:8888`. You will need to enter the token shown in the container logs to login.

```bash
To access the notebook, open this file in a browser:
    file:///root/.local/share/jupyter/runtime/nbserver-1-open.html
Or copy and paste one of these URLs:
    http://(xxxx or 127.0.0.1):8888/lab?token=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```


## Acknowledgements

This Dockerfile is inspired by the following repositories:

- [pytorch/pytorch Dockerfile](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/master/docker/pytorch/Dockerfile)
- [tensorflow/tensorflow Dockerfile](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/tools/dockerfiles/dockerfiles/gpu.Dockerfile)

Commit message:

Update base image(to cuda11.8)

README.md, after:

# Dockerfile for Machine Learning with PyTorch and TensorFlow

This repository contains a Dockerfile that creates a Docker image for deep learning development. The image is based on the `nvidia/cuda:11.8.0-cudnn8-runtime-ubuntu20.04` image and includes the following libraries and tools:

- Python 3.9
- JupyterLab
- pandas
- numpy
- matplotlib
- seaborn
- scikit-learn
- scipy
- PyTorch 2.0.0 with CUDA 11.8
- TensorFlow (latest version)

## Build and Run Docker Image

To build and run the dl-docker image, use the following command:

```bash
docker-compose up
```

If you want to change the external port, you can modify it in the `docker-compose.yml` file.  

Then, access JupyterLab in your web browser at `http://localhost:8888`. You will need to enter the token shown in the container logs to login.

```bash
To access the notebook, open this file in a browser:
    file:///root/.local/share/jupyter/runtime/nbserver-1-open.html
Or copy and paste one of these URLs:
    http://(xxxx or 127.0.0.1):8888/lab?token=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

## Acknowledgements

This Dockerfile is inspired by the following repositories:

- [pytorch/pytorch Dockerfile](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/master/docker/pytorch/Dockerfile)
- [tensorflow/tensorflow Dockerfile](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/tools/dockerfiles/dockerfiles/gpu.Dockerfile)
